# Overview
Overview of actors, tools, how they operate
Articles
What is a Botnet HTTP-Botnets: The Dark Side of a Standard Protocol!
https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/13747/cyber-crime/http-botnets.html
https://usa.kaspersky.com/resource-center/threats/botnet-attacks

What is a Trojon Virus
https://usa.kaspersky.com/resource-center/threats/trojans

Hos to make a Trojan Virus
https://usa.kaspersky.com/resource-center/threats/trojans
using Phyton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSPLRuOezGc


- https://www.group-ib.com/blog/moneytaker

The Rise of Super-Stealthy Digitally Signed Malware—Thanks to the Dark Web
https://thehackernews.com/2017/11/malware-digital-certificate.html


Best Torrent sites
https://thehackernews.com/2016/12/kickass-torrents-site.html

Deep Web Search Engines to Explore the Hidden Internet
https://thehackernews.com/2016/02/deep-web-search-engine.html

Grams - First Search Engine for Underground Black Markets
 https://thehackernews.com/2014/04/grams-first-search-engine-for.html


 
 New Android Malware Framework Turns Apps Into Powerful Spyware
https://thehackernews.com/2018/08/android-malware-spyware.html

Hackers Are Using These Tools to Reel in New Victims
https://darkwebnews.com/hacking/hacking-tools-used-by-hackers/
https://www.fortinet.com/blog/threat-research/jbifrost-yet-another-incarnation-of-the-adwind-rat.html


Mining Attacks Ethereum and Tokens                                                                                                   
https://www.cryptolinenews.com/2018/11/ethereum-network-token-attacked-by-malicious-minting-attack/?fbclid=IwAR2C-r1X8cuy0gdkq2U91DhNvHjDjsbOtLfYRnA50bFixuFH9oB1if1TRsM
A New Wave of Attacks on Ethereum Mining Rigs
https://cryptonews.com/news/a-new-wave-of-attacks-on-ethereum-mining-rigs-3055.htm



CryptON Ransomware Installed Using Hacked Remote Desktop Services
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/crypton-ransomware-installed-using-hacked-remote-desktop-services/

Locky Ransomware Information, Help Guide, and FAQ
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/virus-removal/locky-ransomware-information-help

CryptoLocker Ransomware Information Guide and FAQ
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/virus-removal/cryptolocker-ransomware-information

CryptorBit and HowDecrypt Information Guide and FAQ
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/virus-removal/cryptorbit-ransomware-information

CryptoDefense and How_Decrypt Ransomware Information Guide and FAQ
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/virus-removal/cryptodefense-ransomware-information

U-Boot's Trusted Boot Validation Bypassed
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/u-boots-trusted-boot-validation-bypassed/

Hacker Tools Top Ten
Our Recommended Pentesting Tools and Hacking Software For 2018
https://www.concise-courses.com/hacking-tools/top-ten/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacking_tool
https://www.cybersecuritymastersdegree.org/2017/11/top-ten-tools-for-cybersecurity-pros-and-black-hat-hackers/
https://www.guru99.com/learn-everything-about-ethical-hacking-tools-and-skills.html
https://www.darknet.org.uk/category/hacking-tools/
https://fossbytes.com/best-hacking-tools-of-2016-windows-linux-mac-osx/
https://www.greycampus.com/blog/information-security/top-wireless-hacking-tools

Whatsup
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/new-hacks-modify-whatsup-chat-ajay-upadhyay/

Android
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/new-man-in-the-disk-attack-leaves-millions-android-phones-upadhyay/

Github
https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/its-time-to-take-github-threats-seriously/a/d-id/1331577


Kraken Cryptor is able to prey on victims and gain revenue through its affiliate program, a ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS) model
https://darkwebnews.com/dark-web/kraken-darknet-expansion/

Malware market - New market
https://www.cryptolinenews.com/2018/06/cryptocurrencies-have-given-birth-to-another-market/

Mobile Network Hacking of Crypto Currencies
https://coinfomania.com/nicholas-truglia-convicted-for-crypto-theft/?fbclid=IwAR3_1ClKPdN14F6B1hrH4UXmgMgQyjka2Aj9L0O3zLkS120hSfPmJ8Sf1VY

SamSam Randsomware 
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/cybercrime/2018/05/samsam-ransomware-need-know/


GameOver ZeuS Botnet / Evgeniy Bogachev - one of the most successful hackers
http://nautil.us/issue/66/clockwork/the-100-million-bot-heist?utm_source=digg&utm_medium=email


Inside North Korea’s Hacker Army                                                                                                  
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2018-02-07/inside-kim-jong-un-s-hacker-army


Wordfence                                                                                                                             
https://www.wordfence.com/blog/2018/12/wordpress-botnet-attacking-wordpress/?utm_source=list&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=120518b&_hsenc=p2ANqtz--jcl1J96VqQy3hm-sqWtfR8Nubmaca5rZOoWM7u6NaDeNnW5nGU2gBce5lCBfw93LjYx99hKfCLFWKUVqUC3VJPxZAQA&_hsmi=68097177


Whonix or Tails?                                                                                                                   https://darkwebnews.com/anonymity/whonix-or-tails/                                                                                


New Advanced Malware Targeting Windows Computers Available on the Dark Web                                                            
https://darkwebnews.com/hacking/malware-targeting-windows-computers/   


New Trends                                                                                                                         
Crypto Illegal Mining Beating Ransomware as Top Cyber Threat                                                                          
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-12-14/crypto-illegal-mining-seen-beating-ransomware-as-cyber-threat?srnd=premium-europe       
https://www.csoonline.com/article/3253572/internet/what-is-cryptojacking-how-to-prevent-detect-and-recover-from-it.html                 
https://www.zdnet.com/article/a-giant-botnet-is-forcing-windows-servers-to-mine-cryptocurrency/                                    
   
 The Leaked NSA Spy Tool That Hacked the World                                                                                 
 https://www.wired.com/story/eternalblue-leaked-nsa-spy-tool-hacked-world/                                                           
 
 Shadow Brokers                                                                                                               
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Shadow_Brokers                                                                                       
 
 


